Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
All right.
Come on. fall!
They must really like you.
Sending you expensive eel.
It's not that they like me.
They just want to work me even harder.
Those Americans too.
must know that eels
help men perform better.
They even sent it on your birthday.
The kids will hear!
I need eel! Eel!
Come and eat!
Dad sweated in the heat grilling these.
I'll go.
A snake?
Snakes don't taste this good!
Dad's company sent it.
for doing a good job.
It's not even a holiday.
Couldn't they give us beef?
Ri-one.
Dinner.
Come on. Let's eat.
Let the cello take a nap.
What's this?
Honey!
Must've been expensive!
Well. I can afford decent dance shoes.
- Aren't Mum's shoes pretty?
- Eat up.
These will make me dance so well!
You're not supposed to give shoes
to your lover.
- Why?
Because they might run away in them.
It looks like your dad is confident.
Come on.
We need to practice when we can.
Ready. go!
One. two. three.
Two. two. three. Three. two. three.
Turn.
THANKS FOR YOUR HARD WORK
AND YEARS OF DEDICATION TO SOLAR PAPER
That damn paper.
Honey. come here.
Why?
Come on.
Come on. Ri-one.
Come on. guys.
RI-TWO
SI-TWO
Just three minutes more.
One minute then.
Guess how I'm feeling now.
I feel like I've got it all.
You people bought Solar Paper.
where I devoted 25 years of my life.
But as soon as you take over. you say
you'll cut 20% of the production line?
And you ask for a list of names to fire?
Names of veterans
who taught me their craft?
Names of young men
who came of age in this factory?
Innocent workers who lovingly
cared for these machines.
you want me to point a gun at their heads?
I can't do it.
Guns are meant to be aimed at enemies!
STOP. THINK. ACT
I cannot give you that list.
You Americans say
"axed" for getting fired. right?
Do you know what we say in Korea?
"Off with your head!"
So being fired is
having your head
chopped clear off with an ax!
Understand?
SOLAR PAPER
JOB FOR LIFE
OLD SHOES
"If you don't start a union.
we guarantee a job for life."
That beautiful tradition
was tossed out like old shoes!
And to you Americans!
Gosh. my throat hurts.
I said we should do this in the warehouse.
All because you wanted to smoke.
Quit smoking. damn it!
You put so much work into this.
He could've just ignored it. you know.
- But he acts like his job's at stake.
- It is!
If you guys are fired.
who will I work with?
Real sense of humanity.
Jeez.
Hello. sir.
- "Off with your head!"
- Excuse me.
- So to be fired...
- Give back the helmet!
...is to chop your head clear off!
Wait!
What's he going to do with the helmet?
Jeez.
They didn't
give you the eel. did they?
No way. right?
Honey.
What?
You had something to say?
I forgot.
- Aren't you going to work?
- Right.
That's right.
Si-two. Ri-two. go to your houses!
Study hard.
- Ri-one. let's go.
- Ri-one!
Have a good day.
Good luck!
I slaved for 25 years!
Deep breaths.
- I am...
I AM A GOOD PERSON
...a good person.
A good person.
Man-su!
I am a good person.
- Losing my job...
- Losing my job!
LOSING MY JOB
...is not my choice!
- My loving family...
My loving family...
MY LOVING FAMILY
...will support me fully
as I seek new opportunities.
...as I seek new opportunities.
My loving family will support me fully
as I seek new opportunities.
My loving family...
Hey. honey.
- Can you put your earphones in?
- Just a sec.
HIRED IN 3 MONTHS
So. you must've had sleepless nights.
Are you crying?
Where's that brave bachelor
who proposed to a single mum?
I made a new start. You can too.
Sure you can!
Take all your hopes and dreams.
and recite your own incantation.
Ready?
Now. go!
A new start...
A new start.
I'm the head of a family.
I'll be born again.
To put bread on my family's table...
there's nothing I won't do.
In three months.
I'll get hired again!
I feel great!
3 MONTHS LATER
13 Months Later.
Choi Nam-go.
Hi Nam-go. I know. Today at 5 o'clock.
- My boss is really curious about you.
- Good.
Sorry to ask so suddenly.
but can you come at noon?
Listen. I'm...
I'm at the retail store now. with my wife.
The boss suddenly booked
a 5:00 p.m. flight back to China.
- Too much to ask?
- No. hold on.
Wait.
I'll plead with my wife.
That's right. Come over now.
But there's a question he always asks.
"What's your weak point?"
Weak point?
It's a crucial and sensitive issue.
so think about it. okay?
- Okay. thanks.
- No worries.
Weak point?
Sorry. I know it's absolutely
impossible to answer.
What's my weak point?
Well. obviously.
it's that you love plants too much.
You're a vegetable.
What? You called me an animal last night.
Nam-go gave me this awesome tip.
Yes?
If only I can explain my weak point well.
It's a crucial and sensitive issue.
If you're hired. you'll work
under your former subordinate Nam-go.
Tell us how you feel about that.
I was a manager. true.
But I've always considered myself
to be blue collar.
So. in that respect...
I don't think you understood the question.
Mr. Choi Nam-go...
No. of course. I understand. My point is...
Nam-go came to Papyrus first.
so you'll learn from him. right?
Of course!
I am always learning.
I got hired as soon as
I graduated from high school.
And while keeping that job.
I earned a degree in chemistry too.
Of course.
it was an online degree. though.
And of course.
even after that. I kept learning.
And of course. safety management.
In 2019. When I received
the Pulp Man of the Year Award.
it was that aspect
that they singled out in my record.
And that same year.
I finally bought my own home.
The very house I was born in.
Of course...
I'm saying "of course" too much. aren't I?
It's not so much because I'm nervous.
but self-confidence?
Assurance? That's what it is.
Of course!
If you don't mind. could you
tell me about your weak point?
No...
is the one thing I can't say.
That's my biggest weak point.
Have you looked into Moon Paper?
Moon?
They say Moon Paper has cracked
the Japanese market. so look into it.
Pacific Paper is restructuring
this winter too.
Really?
Go see a dentist. will you?
Just go. okay?
If you get hired.
you'll be too busy to go.
No. I'm fine.
There you go again.
being stubborn for no reason!
Anyway. get hired before winter. okay?
The company will call you soon.
Thanks.
I'm a man.
Don't forget. Moon Paper!
I'm a man. I'm a good person.
Founded by the legendary paper man
Moon Chang-ho.
- Moon Paper is...
- Mr. Choi!
Yes?
We agreed to talk about how paper is made.
That's what I was...
Leave the promotion
to the company channel.
6 hours 17 minutes later...
Many people think paper companies
mindlessly raze entire forests. right?
- That's not true.
- Really?
Darn it.
What?
First. the good news.
I got a part-time job.
Mum's going out to work now!
You always blamed us
for killing your career.
- Congratulations. Mom.
Thanks.
Where? A dental clinic?
- Dr. Oh Chin-ho.
- Dr. Ouch In-ho?
No jokes allowed.
I'd like us all to face the fact
that we're in a crisis.
Refrain from the listed activities
until Dad finds work.
Except for Ri-one's lessons.
anything non-essential must go.
- For example...
- For example. meat in the soup?
There is some. Look harder.
For example.
my car.
We'll trade your car
for something smaller.
And our house.
What?
- What?
If we sell the house. we can pay off
our loans and rent an apartment.
You said you'd find work in three months.
So we kept living as usual.
dipping into your severance pay.
Now that's run dry.
MORTGAGE DEFAULT WARNING
HOUSE FORECLOSURE IN THREE MONTHS.
Honey.
this house...
I have so many childhood memories
in this home.
Since I was nine. I've moved
every ten months on average.
I worked so hard to buy back this home.
I mean. we did.
I tore down the old barn
with my own hands.
and built the greenhouse and the swing.
- Every corner of this home...
- Honey.
If we go bankrupt. they'll take it anyway.
The piano.
the living room table. two chairs.
the TV. the curtains. and the carpet
have all been put up for sale.
My racket too.
I quit tennis.
Let's quit dance lessons too.
Cancel your bonsai magazine.
I'm cancelling Netflix too.
Hey.
I should make the most of it
before it gets cancelled.
Comrades. now for the bad news.
Something even worse?
Under these circumstances.
we can't afford to feed so many mouths.
What do you mean. so many?
- Don't go. Ri-two.
- Ri-one.
Si-one.
- We'll see them soon. okay?
- When?
Come on.
You can come visit them
at our house. Okay?
Si-two and Ri-two will be back.
As soon as Dad gets hired.
Yes.
That dog hair is brutal.
I'm sorry. Dad.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
Have a safe drive.
Let's go in.
Come on.
I'll bring them back soon.
Hello. ma'am!
You're here early!
- That is the potential buyer?
- Come on out.
Not bad for a 50-year-old house.
Look at the curtains.
They fixed up this ruined house so well.
It's been completely transformed.
- You know my town-house near here?
- Yes.
That land was originally
part of his dad's pig farm.
Oh. my. If he still owned that land...
If we tear down that greenhouse.
it'd make a great practice green.
Disgusting pig.
- When did they buy this house?
- You're quite the handyman.
You Man-su.
That's enough for today.
The mums are besties.
The kids are besties.
"Pulp Man of the Year!"
Your dad's gun is still looking good.
VIETNAM WAR SERVICE CERTIFICATE
Oh. look here!
Imagine waking up to see
that sturdy red pine every day!
It's a white pine.
White pine...
Look around.
I need to stop by the dry cleaners.
To pick up my clothes
for the job interview.
Shall we see the kids' rooms?
We only have one kid.
so we can use that room as a closet.
I had the same idea.
Nice mattress.
That's for sale too. Buy it.
Where will you move to?
We need to sell the house first.
I hope you don't go far.
If we leave. Si-two and Ri-two
won't be able to find us.
Says who?
We're not leaving.
I promise.
Si-one. Ri-one. Si-one. Ri-one.
Si-two. Ri-two. Si-two...
Let me through!
- I'm late for a meeting.
- Listen. please.
My wife has a part-time job now.
We put our home up for sale.
cancelled our kids' extracurriculars.
- and even cancelled Netflix.
- What?
- Sir?
- Choi Sun-chul.
What's going on? Who's this?
He was fired from Solar.
Jeez. Give me a sec.
Come out.
I'm sorry.
- Going to a meeting?
- Yes.
- I'll come with you. I wanted to talk.
- Sure. then.
Let me look...
Gosh. you're strong.
Let me just...
If you have any shame.
don't do this in a place
where people shit and piss.
Sir!
I told you to come visit me!
We'll have a nice barbecue.
All right. then.
RESUMÉ
Oh. my.
What the...
Listen.
On the hill opposite.
there's a nice whisky bar
called Moon Shine.
Have a drink on your way.
I just moved here to Hoi Island.
It's really gorgeous.
Revealed for the first time ever!
Give a shout!
Barbecue over my own wood fire
is out of this world!
Here we go!
Die!
All right.
For each drop of sweat. a drop of whisky!
It's what I live for.
MS. WIFE
Hi. honey.
Listen. the cello teacher called...
Where are you?
- Are you in a bar?
- No.
I mean. yes.
Yes. but no.
Look.
I'm by myself.
Have you gone mad?
I'm drinking this. really.
Whisky?
This here.
You went to a bar to drink apple juice?
Honey.
do you trust me?
Of course.
Why did the cello teacher call?
I can't teach Ri-one anymore.
What?
Ri-one's talent is too...
outstanding?
But. ma'am.
how can I believe you?
She doesn't play for us.
We've never heard anything
but a few notes.
Right.
Why do you think I'd give up
my lesson fee to another teacher?
Another teacher?
Ri-one needs to learn
from a music professor now.
But just so you know.
their fee is on
a whole different level from mine.
You said you wanted Ri-one
to be able to live independently.
Then this level of investment is...
I'll say two things.
Many people think paper companies
mindlessly raze entire forests. right?
That's not true.
Trees for paper are grown separately. cut.
planted again. grown and cut again.
Oh. I see.
And that's not all. There's reuse.
We collect waste paper. recycle it.
- then collect it again...
- What are you watching?
...and recycle it again.
The only company doing well
these days is Moon Paper.
They cracked the Japanese market.
He's the specialty paper line manager.
A perfect job for you.
You're good at Japanese too.
Korea's the most advanced country
in paper reuse.
Unlimited reuse!
- It's un-freaking-limited!
- Jeez.
Compared to my husband. he's nothing.
It's unlimited.
Can't he get hit by lightning for once?
You know. while carrying
a long umbrella on a rainy day.
CHOI SUN-CHUL
Sure. it's fabulous!
Try living there for just one week.
An apartment can't even compare!
What?
Hello.
Come on. The ferry runs so often.
What?
Oh. boy.
I'm telling you.
I know that. but it's so quiet there.
The air's clean. It's fabulous.
Even more fabulous at night.
Right.
No. there aren't any!
If you're scared. we'll raise chickens.
They eat snakes.
What?
Listen. honey.
For once. at least come for a barbecue.
Pork. of course. Who roasts snakes?
No alcohol. of course.
Come on.
It's really nice.
What?
There's no other choice.
Weight lifting?
Honey.
Jeez.
Even if this guy disappears.
it's not like I can take his place.
Right?
What's so great about that spot?
The competition for the position
will be fierce.
Actually. it is a pretty nice spot.
Lots of sun. nice breeze.
Right.
I wonder how many candidates there are.
Ten?
MOON PAPER
Five?
Four?
Sell me this. How much do you want?
PULP MEN ADVERTISEMENT
Hello. This is Pulp Men.
Is this the advertising division?
Hey.
At least give me those pyjamas to wash.
And take a shower this century!
And will you let our pear tree die?
Bugs are swarming all over it.
Hey! You want me dead too?
Jeez!
Too drunk to feel pain?
You're practically paralysed!
It's because of all those bugs.
So please give me.
You're the bug!
A drop of remedy.
Jeez!
I'll be back late.
I have a meeting after the audition!
JOB OPPORTUNITIES
Paper is our life.
A master's degree in paper engineering
or chemical engineering is required.
Japanese speakers preferred.
We. at Red Pepper Paper.
together with our European
and Japanese partners.
whose names we can't disclose yet.
are launching
a three-company joint venture in Korea.
Our goal is to be the top boutique factory
specializing in security paper.
We seek family. not cogs in a machine.
Tell us about your hobbies.
personality and family.
Give us a photo
as large and recent as possible.
Send your application to P.O. Box 76.
Gujong City Central Post Office.
We firmly reject online applications.
If we don't use paper. who will?
My name is Gu Bum-mo.
As a resolutely analogue person.
I play music only on vinyl.
take photos only on film
and write letters only on paper.
My bond with paper.
as durable as reinforced synthetic paper.
began before I was even born.
Encouraged by my uncle.
a first-generation paper man.
I enrolled in paper manufacturing
at Kangwon University.
After serving in the Marines.
I joined Namsun Paper in 1999.
In 2013. I oversaw
the reinforced paper line
with most of our customers
coming from the defence industry.
- In 2018...
- Hold this for a sec.
...I won Pulp Man of the Year.
"Recipient. Red Pepper Paper HR."
Which was the pinnacle of my career.
But in 2023. the Defence Ministry
had a change in strategy.
causing our production line to close.
Namsun Paper was merged into Mori Paper.
and all specialty paper personnel.
such as myself.
had to leave the company.
JAPANESE. N1 LEVEL
I've been eight months between jobs now.
and I feel my batteries
are completely charged.
During my extensive free time. I...
RESUMÉ
YOU MAN-SU
PULP MAN OF THE YEAR
FIRE SAFETY CERTIFICATION
WORKED TWO YEARS
AT ISHII PAPER. KOBE. JAPAN
One.
Two.
Three men.
NORTH KOREA TYPE 64 PISTOL
How was your day?
Daddy had a long day.
There's this house
with a beautiful pear tree.
but bugs are eating it alive.
It made me sad.
Under these circumstances.
we can't afford to feed so many mouths.
Oh!
YEAR 1964
There you go again.
eating random mushrooms off the ground!
You quit drinking.
and now you'll eat anything?
My back will ache without a blanket.
Why would you lie down?
Not scared of a snake?
They haven't called for an interview.
They'll call.
Try what I'm doing.
What?
Wrap the sunlight in wind and take a bite.
With a dollop of foliage.
I've always at least gotten an interview.
What about me?
I failed my audition again!
My skin's too firm
to play a woman
wailing over her husband's death.
Still. it was nice
being at the Arts Center after so long.
Remember the night of the blackout?
The first play we saw together.
The lights suddenly went out in Act Two.
People were panicking.
women were screaming.
I was about to have a panic attack too.
when you appeared.
Suddenly. from who knows where. like
a street light turning on. your face...
Please light a flame.
In my lonely heart.
With a smile on your face.
you led me to the door.
"A-ra. follow me. Only me."
"Watch your step."
"Are you okay?"
I was at my most innocent then.
Plump and pretty.
I let you have my first kiss.
Remember what you said?
"A-ra. your lips are softer than
the highest quality.
Okamoto tracing paper."
Akimoto.
Okamoto is a condom brand.
"A-ra. your lips
are softer than the highest quality
Akimoto tracing paper."
No message. no email.
You and your damn paper!
My dad kept offering
to set you up with a café.
but no. it had to be paper.
Even if they hire you.
you'll retire in six. seven years.
What then?
People live to 100 these days.
With that nice audio system of yours.
you could open a music café
and make even more money!
Do you know how I feel lately?
I want to run through the mountains.
wailing like a madwoman!
I'm like one of your precious
paper machines.
Neglect me and I'll break!
Hurry up and smother me in that lube!
Or I'll rip you to pieces.
Like tracing paper.
Paper has fed me for 25 years.
Honey.
It's how I'm meant to be.
I have no other choice.
You've been fed by the money
I earned from paper too.
That money was printed on paper I made.
and the cigarette filter you smoke
is made of paper too.
If we don't use paper. who will?
What?
They won't send a text or email.
The mailbox!
Hey!
I'm through with you!
You...
As useless as scrap paper!
It hurts!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
- I'll check before the doctor comes.
- Okay.
You're a nurse?
Dental hygienist. It's different.
Don't you have dance class now?
My tooth hurts too much.
Now. open wide for me.
But you're still coming
to the dance party. right?
How can I? I quit the lessons.
You can still come. Ask the teacher.
Ms. Lee. you can go home now.
- You need to pick up Ri-one.
- Thanks.
You were a thing pure.
noble. honest. without stain!
And now...
Oh. to think that
I made a man like you my ideal!
Dear me!
The ideal of my life!
Snake!
Was its head triangle-shaped?
Then it's a cannibal viper.
It'll eat its own mother.
Or was it a black-and-white pattern?
Then it's a seven-step mamushi.
You'll die before taking seven steps.
I think I heard a rattle too.
Keep the bite wound
higher than your heart.
Shouldn't it be lower?
Don't worry. I did this in a play once.
Did what?
- Honey. you know what?
- Honey. wait. A snake just bit me.
- What?
- It might be venomous. I'll call you back.
Chase the snakes away like this.
Damn it!
1. KEEP THE BITE BELOW HEART LEVEL
2. DON'T CUT THE WOUND OR SUCK OUT VENOM.
For God's sake!
Shouldn't you go to the hospital?
It's okay.
If it were venomous. I'd be dead now.
What's with you?
About the dance party...
We better not go. right?
We quit the lessons.
What? But we practised so much.
It's from the first mix-tape you gave me.
For a guy who only listens to '80s rock.
I was blinded by love.
I think I was prettiest back then.
Even if I was divorced with a kid.
Hey. don't talk like that.
But of course.
I earned more money than you.
What?
You think I proposed
because of your pay-check?
Who knows? I had a college degree too.
- So did i.
- Not back then.
You're so mean. Forget it.
You were so busy doing
the online degree on the side.
Do you know how much
I wanted to be with you then?
Apologize to me. Come on. Apologize now.
You're right.
So let's have fun now.
Let's have ten times more fun now
instead of wasting time complaining.
When should we tell Si-one?
Tell him what?
We agreed to tell him
when he's old enough to shave.
But do we have to tell him?
I've been his dad since he was two.
so I'm his dad.
I'm sorry. Mi-ri.
You must want some lube too.
I've been so...
Lube?
No. I mean...
I've just been so busy these days
with job interviews.
Does it have to be paper?
How about some other job?
What?
Like at a café?
A café?
Paper has fed me for 25 years. honey.
It's who I'm meant to be.
Think about it.
Would you tell a cannibal viper
to live off pear leaves?
It's meant to eat its mother.
- Is that so. Mr. You?
- Yes.
- Mr. You.
- Yes?
You're not a bad dancer.
Follow me. Only me.
Guess you overdid the vibrato.
This will be the best job interview ever.
Slay them all!
Okay. I'll slay them all.
Chun-oh!
Doing it on your bed is great. ma'am.
It doesn't even creak.
Don't call me ma'am!
Tell your husband not to quit
that group for quitting drinking.
This is great.
GU BUM-MO.
Eight. seven...
Hello. this is Red Pepper Paper.
Oh. hello!
- Hey. don't!
- What?
Yes? Hello? What was that?
I'm having trouble hearing you.
I can hear you fine.
I heard well from the spot
where you first answered.
I see! I'm heading there now.
That spot is perfect.
- You can hear best from here?
- Yes. I can hear you great now.
By any chance
are you at your home in Minsan City?
I am.
My boss would like to meet you.
He's very curious about you. Mr. Gu.
- However...
- Yes?
My boss is returning to Zurich
on a 5:00 p.m. flight.
I'm sorry. but if you leave
from Minsan right now.
you should have time.
Right now?
Guess it's too much to ask?
Okay. then I'll tell him you're not...
Wait. no!
I can go.
I'll go.
I'll text you our office address
right now. so please head over.
Of course. yes.
I'll just change my clothes quickly
and go.
Text me the address.
No! You're fine as you...
NO NEW MESSAGES
Please answer.
Come on. Pick up.
Hey. how are you? Busy?
Bad reception?
No way. The signal's best here.
You can hear me. right?
Well. I went to this meeting
without seeing that it got cancelled.
So I came back early.
and now I'm feeling so bored.
My wife?
Not sure.
Maybe she went out.
Want to catch up over a drink?
I quit. sure. but now it's under control.
I can drink reasonably.
Exactly.
See you at the fried chicken place.
Come when you finish work.
I'll wait there.
OH CHIN-HO'S DENTAL CLINIC
- Hello.
- Yeah.
- Hi. Ri-one.
- You're late.
Give it to me. I'll throw it out.
Thank you.
I waited to say hello to you.
I'm Oh Chin-ho.
- You've got a bad toothache?
- Yes.
Stop by some time.
- Could you lower the window?
- I'm okay.
I'm totally fine. Mr. Oh Chun-oh.
Thank you. Dr. Oh Chin-Ho.
Thanks!
Go home now.
This is so freaking embarrassing.
Ri-one. it's okay now.
Dad's not a very smooth driver.
That's all.
He's young. Quite an age gap.
Age gap?
With who?
I'd rather you
not talk to that man about me.
It may be.
That I'm still just a child.
It seems so.
You...
Mom. why do I.
Keep waiting for you?
Suddenly miss you so?
It may be.
That I'm still just a child.
It seems so.
Mom. why do I.
Keep feeling sad?
Mom. why do I...
The two of us can't live
under the same sky!
Want to end this with a duel?
Does A-ra know you're doing this.
Rookie Actor Lee Chun-oh?
Who?
In the middle of baking.
you suddenly decided
you wanted A-ra all to yourself?
Exactly!
With my heart steeped in loneliness
I gaze up at the sky.
And the clouds flow past.
Making me dizzy.
Making my head spin.
As the red dragonfly flies away...
Sorry.
But you must disappear
for me to live!
Know your place! I'm the man A-ra loves!
You sure?
What? Can't an unemployed man love?
That's not it!
That's not it at all. but...
You...
did not...
even listen to
your wife's sensible suggestions!
Damn. my throat hurts.
What's wrong with a music café?
She even told you that?
If you can't make money. sell the house!
Work at a retail store moving boxes!
I'm an engineer!
An expert!
And the house...
It's A-ra's father's. so I can't sell it.
And the boxes...
I can't lift them because my back hurts!
You proud of that?
If you found out. tell me!
Why didn't you say anything?
And if I do?
Will you come back?
Huh?
The snake bite!
You.
Honey!
The gun!
Give me the gun!
I'm an ex-Marine!
Losing my job
is not my choice.
How many times must I say it?
Losing your job isn't the problem!
The problem is how you deal with it!
Oh. come on.
You're going to die from two bullets?
MS. WIFE
10 MISSED CALLS
...hell!
USED IPHONE.
These ones sell for a lot.
Yes.
Why won't your mum pick up?
I don't know.
- Is Mom home?
- Nope.
Did she leave any message?
Your dad is going to regret this!
Why? Where did she go?
- Did Mom leave me a costume?
- Yes.
Can't you answer me in full sentences?
Good luck. Dad!
Thanks!
Let's dance.
You don't know the dance.
Sure I know it.
I memorized it. watching now.
You said you practised a lot.
You have to show it off.
Greetings.
That way.
Don't you believe me?
No. I don't!
I'm a bullfighter today.
so a pretty bull... I mean. cow...
Nice!
Care for a cocktail?
WELCOME TO GUJONG CITY
Did you in the car?
You like it in the car.
You wore the black fishnet panties?
Rose lace?
I looked. they're missing.
What are you doing?
You're wearing them!
You are! Take them off.
If I smell them.
I'll know if you him or not.
It'll just take a second!
If you're innocent.
what are you scared of?
Did you drink?
You can't!
We can't go through that again!
Nine years!
You've held back nine years.
gritting your teeth.
Has it gone up in smoke?
Puking in your sleep. almost suffocating!
Getting drunk and...
beating my five-year old son.
Saying he's jealous of your daughter.
I've said it a million times.
Si-one is my kid too.
Sure enough.
You don't discriminate.
You're a crazy dog with everyone
when you're drunk.
What were you thinking?
Matching your costume with Dr. Ouch.
Dressing me up as a Nutcracker.
British Admiral John Smith
and Pocahontas. you idiot.
Ri-one's favourite cartoon.
You forgot?
We watched it a million times with her!
When I told Dr. Oh I'd be Pocahontas.
the whole clinic
decided to be Native Americans!
The nurse there was dressed as one too.
You and I were meant to be a pair.
You think I'm that kind of person?
How can you suspect me?
Sure I can suspect you!
You're pretty.
You're so damn pretty!
You're handsome too!
What's this? Who did this?
I'm fighting a war. for our family.
So we need to band together
and believe each other.
Loyalty.
Trust.
Then why lock yourself in the greenhouse?
In that damn greenhouse.
And driving 3.000 km in a month.
Why bring rubber pants?
How can you get a snakebite
at a job interview?
How stupid do you think I am?
Tell me. Who is she?
You go fishing
and eat chicken with.
having sex smothered in lube!
Honey. don't do this to me.
My job interviews.
they're really difficult interviews.
Looking someone right in the eye...
Doing that is really hard.
You don't deny it?
DRINK WITH COLLEAGUES
WORK TALK.
How is it?
This is a softer material.
Not really.
Just a moment.
Ye-ni. what is it?
Can I hang out with my friends
after art lessons?
- Min's dad will drive you?
- Yes.
These are no good. either.
Yes. just a minute.
I have a pair that you'll like.
Go on. Go.
It's a brand new item. so...
Never mind. mister.
Wait.
Just a second.
Don't go yet.
Headquarters only sends us
a few pairs of these.
Just a moment.
I'll be right there.
Sir!
So. the other man left?
It looks like it.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Shoes for yourself?
Or a gift?
I've got a daughter too.
How old is she?
Come in.
You miss it. right?
Having a drink with colleagues.
talking about work?
It's been over a year for me too.
I can spot a fellow unemployed person
right away.
You don't look like the man for this job.
Ten years old.
Oh. your daughter.
What kind of shoes?
Boots? Sandals?
- Shiny patent leather shoes.
- Sure.
I worked in the paper industry.
Specialty paper.
We made banknotes. lottery tickets.
invoices. passports.
paper bags for walnut pastries.
ice cream cone sleeves.
sanitary pad cover. cigarette filters...
People laugh when I say this.
but for those of us who make it.
white paper is a kind of art.
Why laugh?
That feeling of touching fine paper
is so comforting.
You've got fine senses. I see.
My daughter hardly ever speaks.
When she does. it's to echo others' words.
She was born that way.
She only plays the cello.
Her teacher says she's gifted.
She said that
she might even become world famous.
But she won't play for us.
As parents. we should support her talent.
Because without music.
she'll never be independent.
Her teacher says she needs
to be playing on a 50-million-won cello.
She's giving a recital this Christmas.
but she only has rain boots.
I can't buy her an instrument.
but I want to get her shoes at least.
Wait.
Her lesson finishes soon.
Maybe I'll bring her to try them on.
When do you close?
You can come any time before 7:00.
Her lesson won't finish by 7:00.
It takes me an hour to clean up.
I'll wait. then.
Until 8:00.
I can only get a commission
if you buy through me.
Okay.
No other choice.
What are you doing here?
You haven't been able
to pick up your daughter?
I think it has to be towed.
It'll be really expensive. though.
Then. the money for the shoes...
I'M A MACHINE REPAIRMAN
Let's see if my skills are of any use.
My beloved Elantra. no less!
My. without your glasses.
you look like a model.
What have we got here?
So. this is on your way home.
Oh. I found it.
Try starting...
I will walk where my steps take me.
And let the rain wash away
These feelings of mine.
Endlessly. aimlessly.
My heart is floating
Here and there in the rain.
The teddy bear lets out a laugh.
The store lights let out a laugh
I can't forget the shambles
Of days gone by.
Like the inside of a discarded bag.
I will walk where my steps take me.
And let the rain wash away
These feelings of mine.
Endlessly. aimlessly.
My heart is floating
Here and there in the rain.
The passersby don't know.
The lonely street lights don't know.
The dizzying mass of days long gone.
Like a flower bed
Bursting recklessly into bloom.
I will walk where my steps take me.
And let the rain wash away
These feelings of mine.
Endlessly. aimlessly.
My heart is floating
Here and there in the rain.
Honey.
Honey!
The police are here.
What should we do?
Honey.
Be sure not to panic. okay?
I need to change my clothes.
I'll explain it all at the station.
It's all my...
You Si-one.
What were you saying?
It's all my fault for being a bad father.
You're the one who said not to panic.
Get in!
The door...
Is Dong-ho's mum
not picking up on purpose?
Dong-ho. that jerk.
How could he frame his friend like that?
It can't have been Si-one's idea.
It's Dong-ho's dad's store.
Dong-ho must've suggested it.
Isn't it obvious?
DONG-HO'S MOM
The person you are trying to reach
is unavailable...
My poor baby must be
so lonely and scared now.
This is all your fault.
Excuse me!
Just a minute! Wait!
Hold on a minute!
Listen. his mother is parking the car now.
Can we go in with him?
He's still just a kid.
All right.
Thank you.
Lift your head. Look at me.
Dong-ho dragged you into it. right?
Dong-ho?
Why would he drag me...
Hey. Listen...
Committing a crime on your own
is incredibly lonely and scary.
That's how I imagine it. anyway.
I'll never leave you to feel lonely.
So I need your cooperation.
Since we're a team.
Actually. the one who suggested it...
Hey. look.
Get a grip.
Listen to me.
Our family is in a war now.
What?
No. I don't mean with each other.
You and I...
We need to protect our women
in this war. okay?
You know Grandpa's pistol?
Your grandpa pried open
the fingers of a dead Vietcong
and took that pistol. Why do you think?
To remember that if he hadn't shot first.
the enemy would've shot him with that gun.
He wanted to remember that.
You get what I mean?
All the men...
What will you do now?
Let's wash your hands.
Up you go!
Dong-ho says.
Si-one wanted to sell the phones
to help out his mum.
Unbelievable.
It's your own store.
Let's put this behind us.
Wow.
If you don't settle.
he'll get a year's sentence.
A mum can't let that happen to her son.
Isn't that so?
Hey. Man-su.
Won-no.
Give me a smoke.
Sure.
What are you doing?
I started smoking again.
Honey. mind if I talk to my friend
for a minute?
Just talk.
You don't mind. do you?
Well...
Dong-ho dragged Si-one into it.
That's what Dong-ho
will say to the police.
Si-one just stood nearby.
What a crock of shit...
Dong-ho turned off the CCTV.
but not the other one.
He didn't know
he had to turn off the security system.
What if your wife found out
you use that store at night
as a place for women?
And what if she heard that
you bragged about it
to all the men in the neighbourhood?
You jobless stinking
I'll kill you!
One more thing.
You're not buying my home.
Mi-ri. let's go.
Forget buying it.
Honey. be careful.
Are they up there?
Are there many?
How many?
There's more?
That brat...
Two. four. six...
Should we give them back?
Let's make them disappear.
Won-no can't help but cover it up anyway.
- Really?
- Of course.
What tree will you plant?
When the apples ripen. let's make jam.
Will the roots grow over the phones?
The tastiest things grow in filth.
Fertilizer's made from shit and piss.
Is it true about Grandpa?
That he hung himself in this house?
You know his pig farm?
They caught a disease.
and he had to kill all of his 20.000 pigs.
How?
He buried them. alive.
But he was always a bit unstable.
Ever since fighting in Vietnam.
They say it's the old barn where he...
You know. did it.
But I never saw it.
Hey.
Sit with me.
Come closer.
Mom doesn't know.
Don't look.
I quit.
Throw them out yourself.
Papyrus.
You interviewed there?
I was rejected.
- The name Go Si-jo...
- Never heard it.
And Gu Bum-mo?
Not sure...
We're visiting people
who interviewed there.
Did anything unusual happen recently?
Have you felt like you're in danger?
Those two men have disappeared.
You may think badly of me.
but even after hearing they died.
the first thought that came to mind is.
"So who's the lucky one that got the job?"
I said "disappeared."
Give me that.
And then.
Mr. You. you said
that they died.
Why do you think they're dead?
Well...
In today's world. if someone disappears.
then usually...
"In today's world. if someone disappears.
then usually..."
Go Si-jo's wife reported him missing.
and after tracking his phone.
we found his car abandoned.
She said he was extremely depressed
after he got fired.
Oh. my.
A phone contains
all of a person's life. right?
Who you talked to.
and also. who you couldn't talk to.
9 MISSED CALLS FROM 010-2754-0918
What the...
It's that number from the missed calls.
Umbrella.
Finally. you answered.
You've called the phone
of a man who's gone missing.
Excuse me. but who are you?
I'm head of HR at Papyrus.
Mr. Go interviewed at our company.
and I called to say he was hired.
- This is like some kind of curse.
- What?
We originally planned
to hire a different applicant.
but couldn't reach him either.
so we had to call it off.
What was that man's name?
That man...
Hold on. his name was...
He scored highest.
Gu...
Bum-mo.
I knew I'd seen that name before.
Gu Bum-mo.
Look. kiddo!
They knew each other?
So. there were two paper men.
They knew each other.
and disappeared almost at the same time.
We did a painstaking search
around the car.
- We found traces of Mr. Go's blood and...
- Blood.
And what caused Mr. Go's blood
to spill out of his veins?
- A gun.
- A handgun.
Made in North Korea.
- A bullet shell was found.
- By me.
A bullet shell.
Pretty scary.
Until I catch the culprit.
you must be very careful.
Ri-one.
What kid listens to such music?
I'll let you know as soon as I go missing.
This is not a joking matter.
Drive safely.
Ri-one. what are you doing?
What's wrong?
Sweetie.
There.
Don't cry.
I'll bring them back. okay? Stop crying.
Just need to do one more.
25 YEARS
After you left me.
The hole you left in my heart
Hurts me so much!
Thinking I will die. I pray.
Please take this pain from me...
What.
Mr. Choi Sun-chul?
You thought I was a deer?
- For sake.
- I waited all day.
I'm You Man-su.
I was the specialty paper manager
at Solar until they fired me.
The guy from the restroom?
I've got all this free time.
and I envy you so much.
so I've been watching
your Instagram every day.
Damn.
So I'm being stalked?
Do you want to
have a drink with me?
It seems like you already had some.
All right.
I slaved away there for 25 years.
and they gave me 25 minutes to clear out.
I walk out of the office.
and the security guard
had my things in a box already.
and was standing there. holding it.
They wouldn't even let me
walk down the hallway
where I'd always walked.
- Sent you out the back door?
- Exactly.
Hurry up and eat.
Not again.
If you don't eat.
I'll take that paper away.
You need to eat.
so your arms get strong
and your bowing gets stronger.
Why are the men in this house
all hiding something from me. Ri-one?
What could it be?
Do they want to die?
My quality ratio was 96%.
On those old Bumin machines.
They don't give out Pulp Man of the Year
to any old fool.
Hey. eat up. Eat this.
Right.
If they gave it to any old fool.
I'd have gotten one.
Hey. that's not what I meant.
Sorry.
Damn it. drink up.
No. I...
Jeez.
Hey. Listen to you.
I love it!
- Have a drink.
- Let's drink.
Hey. slow down a bit.
To hell with that. I'm drinking fast.
Do they want to die?
So you saw it. or you think you saw it?
I'll die if I keep working like this.
With this much work to do.
I need another manager.
Right.
Someone at your level.
That's what I'm saying.
Man-su my man. you crying?
Do you feel sorry for me?
Why so soft-hearted?
Ask the higher-ups.
Ask them what?
Ask them to hire someone else.
Those tight-assed pricks?
If you sit tight. their asses get tighter.
Demand it.
Or you'll collapse at work one day.
Take sick leave.
Then production will stop.
and they'll come to their senses.
Come to their senses?
They'll just fire me.
Recommend me.
We'd work really well together.
Complement each other.
Team A. Team B.
Sure.
I'll try talking to them.
Oh. dear.
So this is the best you have?
I know. The water streaks.
It's the cross-linked cellulose recipe
of those bastards at Bumin.
But. you know.
I've got no other choice.
Even if you use their machines.
you don't have to use their recipe.
How can you afford this house
as a line manager? And that car?
Someone might think you're pocketing cash.
That's not what I think.
but others might think that way. I mean.
I really don't think that. Here.
Bottoms up.
Are you okay?
You're dead now.
Are you in for some bomb shots?
No other choice.
No other choice...
Hurry up!
So freaking cold...
My head...
Where do you keep the...
What a relief!
I need some air!
Let's go out.
Getting drunk in front of a bonfire
is my lifelong dream!
You're freaking awesome.
Vodka.
You're so awesome!
Come here.
- Man-su!
- Come here.
You're the best!
I moved here six months ago.
and it's my first bonfire.
I thought I'd have barbecue every day.
When you get the thing you want.
that's what happens.
My wife was right.
I really don't want to do this.
What?
But if I don't. the deaths
of those other two are meaningless.
Just a dog's death.
No.
You shouldn't barbecue dogs.
MS. WIFE
Sorry. I can't turn on the video.
It's okay. You look at me.
I didn't want to get your hopes up.
but I'm visiting a friend
working for Moon Paper.
He's got so much work that
the company needs another line manager.
Remember what the detectives said?
- About the interviewees.
- Yes.
That they died.
Yes.
So?
I'm worried.
You go around late at night.
- You should be careful...
- Hey. I'm okay.
How can you be so sure?
Because I'm...
me?
Hey. can't you drop that
and come home now?
I don't want to say this. but no.
Don't carry the load by yourself.
Even a sheet of paper
is better lifted together.
That's a favourite saying in our industry.
A sheet of paper.
If the four of us band together.
we can beat this.
Six.
I know. Si-two and Ri-two.
I'm going to bring them back.
You'd be good at gardening or bonsai too.
People live to 100. You have time.
This is my last interview.
I've been digging so far.
now it's time to plant the tree.
If you do something bad.
I'm doing it with you. okay?
Hey. don't worry.
I think my friend woke up.
- Your cheek...
- I'll call tomorrow. okay? Bye.
Honey!
Si-one.
It's okay.
I dug the ground.
There?
There really was something.
He cut up a pig?
Yes.
Like when he barbecued
a pig for us last year?
He put a whole pig in the ground
to fertilize the tree.
It must've been a lot of work.
So that's what it was.
A pig.
Did the interview go well?
Yes.
Did you sleep well?
Just one minute.
Fifty-nine. fifty-eight. fifty-seven...
Count up. not down.
One. two. three. four...
So. you drank in the end.
Yes.
You smell of smoke too.
We made a bonfire at my friend's place.
He's been on his own for six months.
but he's lonely already.
Divorced?
They split up because of the house.
He wanted to live in nature.
but she didn't want to.
Can that be a reason?
Splitting up over that?
I'm sorry.
Sorry I couldn't have fun with you
when I was doing my degree.
You shouldn't have lived so hard.
How many seconds now? Thirty?
Fifty-nine.
Sixty.
That must have been hard for you.
So what I realized
while going through that ordeal
is that you need a creative plan.
The important thing
is to shift your perspective.
In the execution phase.
you have to be persistent and bold.
Whenever necessary.
you need to be able to say no.
We have a "lights-out system."
Recently. we built
a fully automated factory.
"Lights out"?
- Since Ai doesn't need lights turned on.
- Right.
The days of tapping rolls with a stick
are over.
Yes. of course.
Anyway. we quite urgently need you
to oversee this test run.
When you say fully automated.
the workers...
We'll have to reduce the workforce. yes.
That's the whole point of the system.
No other choice.
Do you have any objections?
If you don't like it. you can say no.
Not at all.
How can you go against the times?
But at any rate. you need one person
to watch over it all. right?
So. five years ago.
there was a secret bid
at Minting and Security Printing Corp?
Yes. the competition was fierce then.
Solar. where I worked. was one
of the three designated companies.
We never even considered bidding.
Then who made the bid?
Two people faced off as representatives
of the two major paper companies.
Who were those rivals
in this bloody bidding war?
Gu Bum-mo and...
Go Si-jo.
The day he returned
from his business trip to Daejeon.
his sleep-talking woke me up
in the middle of the night.
He started crying and whining.
saying things like "It's not fair!"
and "Don't insult me!"
Then. after that.
wouldn't you know...
He was surely asleep.
but he gathered the phlegm
in his mouth and...
He spit on his own face.
It startled him too. and he woke up.
I see.
The day he came back from Daejeon?
"It's so unfair"?
As you know. Minting and Security
Printing Corp is in Daejeon.
I think that's when he started
just listening to music here
and avoiding going to bed with me.
After he got fired.
he drank all day. developed depression...
Oh. my gosh.
He didn't even take his medication.
Honey.
Where in the world are you?
Does your husband
own a handgun. by any chance?
Can I ask why
you're taking so long to answer?
If you own a firearm.
you need to report it. right?
He didn't do that.
What's more.
it vanished with my husband.
He could have
committed suicide with it.
Please find him quickly.
Was it one of these?
This one?
Gu Bum-mo's wife really said that?
So be wary of Gu Bum-mo.
Remember his face.
Gu Bum-mo killed Go Si-jo and ran away?
Wow. this is...
Honey!
Do you have something to say?
Congratulations on your first day at work.
How about a pig roast this weekend?
- No.
- No way.
It's too cold for that now.
Quit the clinic and take up tennis again.
I'll buy you a new racket.
I'm not doing that anymore.
I'll save money.
Si-two. Ri-two. go to your houses!
House!
Ri-one. come here. Don't play over there.
A snail!
I called the real estate agent.
I said we'd keep the house.
We even planted an apple tree here.
How can we sell it?
Exactly.
Ri-one.
I'll see you later.
Bugs are eating it alive.
The rain will ease up this morning.
After the nighttime rain.
which seemed to mourn the end of fall.
the temperature dropped sharply.
bringing us one step closer to winter...
- Going to school already?
- Dong-ho and I are meeting early.
Are you two still friends?
Even after what happened last...
BASED ON THE NOVEL "THE AX"
BY DONALD E. WESTLAKE
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm